Wood Blinds

Horizontal Wood Blinds offer a distinguished character to any space. The 5cm size of the slats ad the numerous natural or stained wood finishes are easily matched with the different types fo furnishings and settings.


Roller Shades

Roller Shades provide living spaces with numerous options for adaptability and comfort: large windows, small lighting openings lack of louvered shutters, multi-functional window openings...
These sades give any setting a cutting edge look.

Vertical Blinds

Vertical blinds bring both practicality and durability. The ability to angle the slats, combined with a large palette of Fabrics and other available materials(Pvc and fabrics)

Roman Shades

The Roman Shade is our most decorative option and the one that is most oriented toward the residential sector.

Pleated Shades

The Concept of minimizing the stack height in a basically decorative shade is the main characteristic of the Pleated Shade.

Sliding Panels

This blind is specially designed to both, cover large glass surfaces and to separate areas in multipurpose spaces.
The diversity of textile finishes that are available (Polyscreen Vision, Decorative and Blackout) 




---------***********----------*SOlar-Gard*--------***********-----------------

Retractable Awnings

Our retractable window awnings provide great solar protection for both windows and porches.  The design of this awning allows you ot cover those high sun areas when needed while allowning you to enjoy the warm sun in the cooler months.Our awnings are custom made and are an atractive addition to your home.

Retractable Drop Arm Awnings

with the touch of a button (motorized) or manually operated,these retractable awnings are the perfect solution to provide cool, comfortable shade for your patio or deck. with various sizes awnings and a wide range of designer options, you will be sure to find just the right awning to compliment your outdoor living space.

Retractable Canopies

These European style awnings are very popular. We offer both the Fixed and Retractable Canopies. Mantainance free aluminum is used with the choice of vinyl or canvas for the fixed canopy, and canvas for the retractable awning. These all purpose high wind resistance awnings are an absollute asset for your home or business.


Shade Sails

Shade Sails are an artistic shade canopy that provides sun shade for parks, playgounds swimming pools, backyards patios and other outdoor living spaces, as well as commercial applications. The inward curves along the sides of each shade fabric panel are indicative of shade sails and are engineerd to help spread and distribute the tension place at each connection point evenly over the entire sail. The result is a sail shaped sun shade capable of not only providing functional shade, but also iconic architectural form


Vertical Drop

Our vertical drop awnings are highly versatile and can be used in a garage. in door openings, on patios, sunrooms and screened patios. The curtains are fabricated in screen or canvas.

Parasols and Umbrellas

Our parasols and umbrellas are decorative and offer you the needed protection form the sun. The aluminum framework parasols and umbrellas are available in many shapes and sizes with a durable vinyl or canvas cover. We can offer both residential and commercial applications

Carports

Carports provide much needed protection for cars, bikes and boats. Our carports can be custom built for domestic and commercial requirements. We can design your carport to match the design of your house, making the perfect complement to your property.


Roller Shutters 

Roller shutters provide everything a homeowner needs in a shutter. This design combines security, wheather protection, energy conservation and noise reduction into a single product. Our roller shutters are contructed from the finest grade aluminum for maximum impact resistance and durability, and are controlled by a smooth, manual crank or a optional SOMFY motor.